how is the way there a beer sunny
hi I'm Steven this is my new web show
Steve TV in this episode I'll be talking
about being tall yes that's right being
tall I am a tall person you know
everybody that meets me always comes up
with some sort of cute remark here's an
example how is the way there a bear
Sonny my dad's favorite is 648 I didn't
know they piloted that high for the
predictable um do you play basketball
because you're really tall you'd be
really good at basketball if it you get
that all the time oh look at my split
ends their horrible or the ever original
um you're tall sometimes the plane
gawking stare of awww there are actually
good things about being tall people just
generally like you you really tall yes i
am very tall I'd like you here's some
money excellent uh oh I have my pick of
the best tasting foliage mmm so good I
can reach really high items
you're welcome random ladies ha okay
that's a little bit of the some of the
things that I've been rolling around on
my head about being tall but I wanted to
get some public opinions on this so I
went out into the streets to ask people
if they could gasps halt all I was and
how big my shoes are hello this is steve
reporting for Steve TV we're here in
beautiful hollywood california and today
we're going to find out if people can
guess how tall I am and various other
measurements of my body how tall do you
think I am I'd say seven something we're
gonna have to average to the dark night
tell me how tall I am 68 yes how big do
you think my feet are compared them next
to your bad boots no one more one more
ajt how big do you think my feet are oh
that's a very good guess but it's not
correct how about you give me forward
all those but and you can use that money
to buy some extra eye shadow well as TV
STV it's actually now your show 67 67
actually the force is not strong with
you at this point it's actually 68
because I'm so skinny people get a wrong
idea how tall I am yes there it is 68
maybe if I had some dinosaur punch I've
got to save you know all right I father
and then you have to say leave Leave
what happen no mr. spider-man nowhere
I'll take care of this okay hotel do you
think I am come on man speak hey oh my
god you're right that's awesome my shoe
side nobody can go in the truth police
say 18 your I have a prize for you what
they wet it down show me the buck the
prize is my my old pair of shoes
actually I'm kidding i need okay hell of
a new giant the mic hold me down on
Hollywood Boulevard that's right follow
my ppls out there oh I gotta kill 25
dollar gift certificate J Patrick thank
you so there you have it out of all the
superheroes they actually turned out to
be superzeros a man that really knew who
was up was just peddling his hip hop CD
on the streets I'm out ok that's it for
episode 1 being tall and I'll see you
next time butterfly in the sky I can fly
twice as high oh wait can I get sued for
doing that no Steve TV do I look cool on
camera I don't look good on camera haha